### 0.5.0

Release 0.5.0 abolishes the Coordinator, and is now a fully masterless system. Additionally, 0.5.0 implements many new services and public APIs. 0.5.0 breaks backwards compatability with the previous release - 0.4.1. These changes are outlined below. See the [changelog](https://github.com/MichaelDrogalis/onyx/blob/0d0274444ada010ff218d04e294059c7878d87de/changes.md#050) for full details.

- The Coordinator, and it's highly available counterpart, have been abolished. Onyx is now composed of ZooKeeper, HornetQ, and virtual Peers. You can read all about how it works in the [internal design documentation](/doc/user-guide/internal-design.md).
- All coordination events now happen via an append-only, structured log. This log exposes open-ended subscription, meaning you can now get realtime access to events such as job submission, task completion, peer failure, and more. See [the subscription docs](/doc/user-guide/subscription.md) for usage instructions.
- Cluster allocation can now be controlled in a fine-grained manner at the job and task level. See [scheduling documentation](/doc/user-guide/scheduling.md) instructions and examples.
- The number of executing peers per task can be capped at an integer value. Refer to [the example](https://github.com/MichaelDrogalis/onyx-examples/tree/0.5.x/max-peers).
- Serializable parameters can now be applied to a target function via the catalog with `:onyx/params`. This lets you avoid specifying multimethod implementations to accomplish parameterization. See [the example](https://github.com/MichaelDrogalis/onyx-examples/tree/0.5.x/catalog-parameters).
- Jobs can now be explicitly killed, shutting down all executing of a job's tasks. See [the example](https://github.com/MichaelDrogalis/onyx-examples/tree/0.5.x/kill-job).
- Onyx exposes a new built-in garbage collector to clean up ZooKeeper and in memory data structures. See the [GC docs](/doc/user-guide/internal-design.md#garbage-collection) for details.

Upgrade notes:

- Onyx 0.5.0 is incompatible with previous versions in many ways. A HA restart is not possible.

Misc:

- Transducer support will again be moved back to release 0.6.0, and will be held until Clojure 1.7.0 officially ships.

A special thanks to all contributors:

- [Lucas Bradstreet](https://github.com/lbradstreet)

